Thoughts: Initially, I believed that the program was classifying the images based on the file names. However, after doing a bit
of research, I found out that CNNs (Convolutional Neural Network) use digital image processing to actually process and identify the images. 
Overall, I had a great time learning how CNNs work and how to write python code that will allow the architechtures to identify images.

P.S. - Sorry for the late project submission, I was busy with an urgent family matter that played a role in my submission date.

Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the 
classifications.

Answer: Yes, all three model architectures classified the breed of the dog in Dog_01.jpg as the same breed.


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model 
architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, all three model architectures classified the breed of the dog in Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as the same breed.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the 
misclassifications.

Answer: Yes, all three model architectures correctly classified Panda_01.jpg and Coffee_mug_01 as not dogs.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four 
uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: The answers from questions 1-3 don't provide sufficient information to make such a decision given that they all classifed the 
uploaded images correctly. However, I would select ALEXNET as the model architechture as the best on uploaded image classification because
it had the fastest runtime of 0:0:0, whereas RESNET had a runtime of 0:0:1 and VGG had a runtime of 0:0:6.